## Inspiration

A really big problem with AI is trust. People don't understand how they work. However, using blockchain technology can help solve this problem. By adding blockchain to the process, we can make the entire lifecycle of AI transparent and traceable.

It started with my teammate bringing my attention to this project: https://pop-nextjs.vercel.app/. We had the idea that we could do something quite similar with images generated by AI models such as Dall-E.

## What it does

It produces an image with AI (by way of programs like Dall-e - used in this case for demo purposes) and sets it up so that the user can mint it as an NFT on the Near blockchain and upload it to his NEAR wallet.

## How we built it

I handled the front-end side of things (with a React app bootstrapped by Vite and making use of Material UI for user interface design), including an API that connects to Dall-E's database.

My teammate looked into how to mint NFTs on the Near blockchain that would have metadata involving the particular prompt

## Challenges we ran into

We're still working on integrating with the frontend.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of

We have what seems like a promising and ultimately scalable idea that can be incorporated as a tool into other businesses. There's also a lot to experiment with when it comes to building this app out further going forward.

## What we learned

Personally, I began to understand the concepts underlying NFTs and their use cases.

## What's next for AI-Image-Minter

We'll look into other APIs (such as Midjourney) and into making AI-generated art more traceable and the procedures behind them more transparent.
